[Music]
ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
champions arena where two teams will
compete for the title of the biggest
creature on the planet in the blue
corner are the oldest inhabitants of our
planet dinosaurs and in the red corner
are modern animals and let the victory
go to the largest the first round begins
with a duel between two plants eating
creatures the largest land animal of our
time enters the ring it's the African
elephant it's weight is between 6 and 12
times it weighs more than the anchor of
a cruise ship and is 5 times heavier
than the tallest animal on the planet
giraffe but still the elephant loses a
lot to Argentinosaurus the largest plant
eating dinosaur in the world with the
length of over 120 feet and tipping the
scales at 90 tons this giant will cover
just over half of a baseball field and
weighs like three subway cars one to
nothing in favor of the prehistoric
period
to the battle between predators the
largest modern land predator is the
polar bear it is believed that on earth
the polar bear has no enemies among
animals and it figures the largest
recorded weight of this animal reaches
one time this is about the weight of a
car but even with such dimensions the
polar bear loses two Spinosaurus this
creature is considered the largest land
predator that ever existed on the planet
its length reached 49 feet approximately
to London red buses and it weighs seven
times more than our polar bear two to
nothing in favor of the dinosaurs but no
matter how dangerous and huge land
animals are in fact their babies
compared to those creatures that live in
the Seas and oceans round number three
and start with just eight feet that
would be about four people no this is
the length of a big artificial Christmas
tree it would seem not so much if it
didn't belong to the largest worth robot
insect on the planet a sea scorpion
about 460 million years ago these
creatures resembling large space bugs
inhabited shallow waters and terrified
all small marine mammals these predators
are believed to have been distant
relatives of all scorpions of modern
insects
no one will compete with this creature
and I'm extremely happy about that giant
weta a beetle resembling a cricket
slightly smaller than a person's palm
won't go into a duel knowing in advance
that it has no chance against a sea
scorpion three to nothing and again
prehistoric animal
round number four seed predators the
largest marine predator ever is
considered justice Soros it lived about
235 million years ago and reached a
length of 65 and a half feet
it could easily cover the entire bowling
alley with itself and weighed 20 tons
almost like the weight of a modern super
jet still this ancient dinosaur loses in
size to the largest green modern animal
the sperm oil it weighs like a herd of
50 cows and almost three times as much
as shasta soros while being of a similar
length three to one modern animals still
lose by a wide margin round number five
now from the depths of the ocean we are
soaring into the sky the largest flying
bird today is the albatross
its wingspan is 11 feet almost like the
length of the Volkswagen Beetle but
unfortunately the albatross easily loses
to its distant ancestor the bird argenta
fost who live five to eight million
years ago its wingspan is almost twenty
feet and it's almost like two Volkswagen
Beetles albatross I'm sorry but there is
no chance of victory four to one in
favor of the prehistoric animals
it seems the living animals don't have a
single chance in this championship but
wait
right now the largest creature that ever
existed on earth
peers in the ring it's size is
comparable to a nine story building and
just the tongue of this creature weighs
like a female African elephant and this
is not some ancient dinosaur but marvel
of modern marine inhabitant the champion
for the title of the largest animal on
earth is a whale all hail the king
okay that was different but let's just
chat shall we can land animals reached
the same size as dinosaurs is it
possible that in the future for some
reason mammals will become as large as
for example Godzilla or the Kraken
even if creatures of such sizes suddenly
appeared then believe me it certainly
would not destroy cities as shown in
many films I'll explain why in a couple
of minutes but before that let's talk
about marine giants unlike land the
ocean has a much greater chance of a
huge creature appearing there are
several theories in this regard lower
temperature in the water slows down
metabolism and thus lower the metabolism
the more it accumulates theoretically if
any marine life is given a safe zone and
an endless supply of food then it can
grow to an enormous size the whale is
proof of this however everyone knows
about whales but what about real sea
monsters almost all seafarers have been
scaring each other with stories about
kraken since ancient times but the worst
thing in these tales is that they're
absolutely true around the world since
the 17th century many kraken sightings
have been recorded modern scientists
have given them a more scientific name
Architeuthis information about these
creatures is not limited to records of
past centuries though for example in
2007 a 29 foot squid was caught in the
Antarctic waters about the width of a
single letter from the Hollywood sign in
California and weighing half at
which is slightly more than a zebra you
can find photos of this monster on the
internet but even this is far from the
biggest Kraken in the Bermuda region at
the bottom of the ocean hide squids that
prey on whales and sperm whales two of
the largest creatures on earth kraken
from the bermuda depths reach 164 feet
the same length of the arc de triumphe
in Paris
perhaps it's why so many ships disappear
in the Bermuda Triangle and since the
known ocean is only 5% of it all it's
quite possible that something truly huge
and terrible is living in its deaths oh
well let's keep as far as possible from
these places and crawl over to the land
as I said if the organism is given a
safe area an environment with unlimited
food then in the process of evolution a
real Godzilla will appear but this
doesn't work on the ground because all
animals have a skeleton the strength of
bones and joints is limited even the
bones of the largest dinosaurs weren't
really strong due to gravity it was
difficult for them to move around they
were slow and this is not very good when
there were a lot of predators around
such huge dimensions didn't help but
rather prevented the dinosaurs from
surviving but the skeleton is not the
only problem if you are a giant a huge
load on the heart and high blood
pressure is another thing recently
scientists found that along with the
weight of the dinosaur its body
temperature increased so for example a
40-ton dinosaurs temperature reached 118
degrees Fahrenheit and this is almost
the limit for the comfortable existence
of a living organism
so if Godzilla had ever crawled out of
the depths of the ocean
believe me it wouldn't have gone to ruin
the city it would have been simply too
lazy to do it instead it would have
found itself some uninhabited island and
sunbathe there for the rest of its life
going hunting from time to time but you
know some creatures hypothetically can
eventually turn into huge Titans and you
won't like them because I'm talking
about
insects like I said the bones inside
animals can't withstand enormous weight
but the body structure of almost all
insects is completely different
outwardly they are covered with a
skeleton while soft tissues are hidden
inside some insects are able to shed
their exoskeleton when their soft body
becomes larger and then on a new large
body a new stronger exoskeleton is
already growing in such theory such an
upgrade can happen many times until a
bug becomes the size of an airplane but
fortunately this is impossible because
the endless growth of insects is
hindered by their own habitat full of
dangers and harsh environmental
conditions no offense to bugs but I hope
it will continue that way and speaking
about the largest living creatures on
the planet I can't help but mention the
tallest tree in the world
this is Hyperion a Sequoia sempervirens
its height reaches 379 feet it is 74
feet taller than the Statue of Liberty
and about the same height as a 38 storey
building you can say with confidence
that King Kong could easily climb such a
tree well that was big hey if you
learned something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend and here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
you